Run functions locally (#717)
kyma-project/cli: docs/gen-docs/kyma_run_function.md

---
title: kyma run function
---

Runs Functions locally.

## Synopsis

Use this command to run a Function in Docker from local sources.

```bash
kyma run function [flags]
```

## Options

```bash

>       --containerName string   The name of the created container.

Reviewer: If we change the `containerName` to `container-name` we need to update docs.

      --detach                 Change this flag to "true" if you don't want to follow the container logs after running the Function.
  -f, --filename string        Full path to the config file.
  -p, --port string            The port on which the container will be exposed. (default "8080")

>   -d, --sourceDir string       Full path to the folder with the source code.

Reviewer: If we change the `sourceDir` to `source-dir` we need to update docs.

---
title: kyma run function
---

Run functions locally.

## Synopsis

> Use this command to run function in docker from local sources.

Author: Done! Thanks!

```bash
kyma run function [flags]
```

## Options

```bash
      --containerName string   The name of the created container.

>   -d, --detach                 Change this flag to true if you don't want to follow the container logs after run'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  -d, --detach                 Change this flag to "true" if you don't want to follow the container logs after running the Function.
```

Author: Done, thanks!

>   -e, --env stringArray        The system environments witch which the container will be run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  -e, --env stringArray        The system environments the container will be run with.
```

Author: I removed this flag

  -f, --filename string        Full path to the config file.

>       --imageName string       Full name with tag of the container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      --imageName string       Full name with the container's tag.
```

Reviewer 2: Or: `Full name with the tag of the container.` but I guess the above version is shorter.

Author: I removed this flag

>   -p, --port string            The port on which the container will be exposed. (default "8080")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  -p, --port string            The port on which the container will be exposed. (default "8080").
```

Author: `(default "8080")` documentation generator adds this dot :D

Reviewer 2: Sorry, my bad.

  -t, --timeout duration       Maximum time during which the local resources are being built, where "0" means "infinite". Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".
```

## Options inherited from parent commands

```bash
      --ci                  Enables the CI mode to run on CI/CD systems. It avoids any user interaction (such as no dialog prompts) and ensures that logs are formatted properly in log files (such as no spinners for CLI steps).
  -h, --help                Displays help for the command.
      --kubeconfig string   Specifies the path to the kubeconfig file. By default, Kyma CLI uses the KUBECONFIG environment variable or "/$HOME/.kube/config" if the variable is not set.
      --non-interactive     Enables the non-interactive shell mode.
  -v, --verbose             Displays details of actions triggered by the command.
```

## See also

* [kyma run](#kyma-run-kyma-run)	 - 

> 

Author: Yeaaah :D Done, thanks
